feat: split config into node and provider configs (#195)
ojo-network/price-feeder: README.md

- [Gate](https://www.gate.io/)
- [Huobi](https://www.huobi.com/en-us/)
- [Kraken](https://www.kraken.com/en-us/)
- [Kujira](https://github.com/ojo-network/kujira-api)
- [Mexc](https://www.mexc.com/)
- [Okx](https://www.okx.com/)
- [OsmosisV2](https://github.com/ojo-network/osmosis-api)
- [Polygon](https://api.polygon.io)
<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->

## Usage

> The `price-feeder` tool runs off of two configuration files. The provider-config

Reviewer: Could be more than two files now that the provider-config is a directory

Author: Good call, README has been updated with some clarification.

file defines what exchange rates to fetch and what providers to get them from.
The node-config defines the oracle's keyring and feeder account information.
The keyring's password is defined via environment variables or user input.
More information on the keyring can be found [here](#keyring)
Please see the [example configuration](price-feeder.example.toml) for more details.

> The default `provider_config.toml` is used when no --provider-config flag is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default provider configs in the `provider-config` directory are used when no --provider-config flag is provided.
```
